# 2024.10.0

Release date: 11 November 2024

## Security and accessibility improvements

This release includes security and accessibility improvements.


## Updated user interface and user experience

We have made several UI and UX improvements across Data Service.

The following are a few of the major changes:

Updated navigation bar: The navigation bar now incorporates two icons, providing quick and easy access to the API and administration sections. This allows for a more seamless navigation, saving time and enhancing user convenience.Redesign of the Manage Access section: The redesign aims to enhance user workflows and drive an intuitive navigation experience.Relocation of Choice Sets access: Access to the Choice Set has been relocated for efficiency. It will now be found under the Entities page.Redesign of Date-Time fields: We've renamed and redesigned the Hide Time Field option for Date-Time fields to Exclude time checkbox. Select it to omit the time from your data.


## Improvements 

* We have renamed the View Schema and Customize Schema permissions to View All Schema and Customize All Schema.
* The Auto-number and the system built-in Id fields now display Yes in the Is unique column.
* You can bulk upload data to your entities by using the newest API endpoint: `/<tenant_name>/<entity_name>/bulk-upload`. Bulk upload also supports the CSV (UTF-8) format.
* The length of choice set names can reach up to 30 characters, aligning with the recently increased character limit for entities and field names.
* Clicking the name of a choice set now opens the Edit Choice Set panel.


## Bug fixes

We fixed the following issues:

* Entities without valid fields were incorrectly unselectable.
* System User fields were incorrectly referenced as "entityTypeId": 0 in a Relationship field where the correct reference is "entityTypeId": 3.
* Several sorting and searching issues occurred on the Entities page.
* Data Service API responses returned failed records as objects, where they should have been arrays.
* An exported schema incorrectly displayed the "entityType" for choice sets as "Entity".
* Sorting the Manage Access page was not working as expected.
* Default values in an entity schema were not being imported.
* Sorting the choice sets list by the number of choices did not display the expected results.
* Sorting the entities list by the number of fields or number of records did not display the expected results.

