Release date: December 19, 2023

## Auditing machine maintenance actions

The Audit Data window for the Sessions component now includes the Maintenance field, which displays the status of the Maintenance option for unattended machines. 1 marks the enabled status of the machine maintenance mode, and 0 marks its disabled status.

## Removing local user basic authentication

The "Always allow basic authentication for this user" option has been removed from the Orchestrator user editing window, and can now only be configured via Identity. In addition to that, the `Auth.RestrictBasicAuthentication` and `Auth.EnableBasicAuthenticationForHostTenant` parameters can no longer be used either.

## Bug fixes

- The "Trigger automatically disabled after job execution failures." alert was mistakenly disabled upon upgrade. Now, when you upgrade, the alert is enabled by default, as initially intended.
- The 'queue name' has reached max attempts while scheduling task validation rule no longer produces error messages in the Event Viewer.

## Automation Suite Robots

This release brings security updates and patches to address Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

## Deprecation timeline

We recommend that you regularly check the [deprecation timeline](attach URL here) for any updates regarding features that will be deprecated and removed.

## Download location

Check out these pages for Automation Suite download links:

- [Installation packages for Automation Suite on Linux](URL)
- [Installation packages for Automation Suite on EKS/AKS](URL)
