Release date: November 3, 2023

Administration news
Classic folders removal
Classic folders and all their associated objects are now removed. This change brings about the removal of all such objects from the Orchestrator interface.

If you are planning on upgrading to this version, make sure to migrate any existing classic folders to modern folders.

You can see the Classic folders removal page for details on the steps leading up to this change.

Roles and permissions changes
Roles help thoroughly control access to Orchestrator features and objects, allowing you to reliably separate users based on their permissions. In an effort to make this task as easy and effective as possible, we are making several changes to our default roles.

Permission changes

The Automation User folder role and the Allow to be Automation User tenant role no longer have permission to publish processes. This gives the role the minimum folder level permissions needed to execute processes. This way, we ensure that personal user packages do not accidentally get published without first being reviewed.

New roles

Two new sets of roles are available, allowing you to combine several roles so as to achieve the desired results while still maintaining granularity:

Automation Publisher and Allow to be Automation Publisher - only contains the permissions needed for publishing processes to Orchestrator, and can be combined with any existing role.

Automation Developer and Allow to be Automation Developer - can create automations.

Note:
New roles are added as read-only.

In the unlikely event that an organization already contains a custom role with the same name as one of the new roles mentioned above, we will rename it to "Role name - custom". This way, both roles can be used.

Assignment changes

When you assign a default folder role, you are automatically prompted to also assign its tenant counterpart. This is how we ensure that you are not missing any permissions needed for your automations.

Note:
Known issue: This option does not work for Active Directory users or groups.

Removal checks

When the Orchestrator Administrator role is unassigned from a user, we check that they are not the last user with that role. The same check applies when deleting a user or a group if there are no other users or groups with the Administrator or the Orchestrator Administrator role.