Release date: April 26, 2023

# What's new

## Tag management portal

We now offer a central location for managing the tags you use throughout our services. The aptly named **Tags page** is available in the administration section of your organization, at the tenant level. It allows you to add, edit, and remove tags from one single location, eliminating the need to repeatedly access individual objects for tagging purposes.

## Video job recording

You can now benefit from an extra layer of efficiency when troubleshooting jobs. This is due to our new video recording feature, which is available at the process level for all unattended executions (currently only available as preview).

You can choose to either record all jobs or only those that are failed, and you have access to these recordings for up to 7 days.

The release of this feature brings about a change in the existing screenshot option: it is now available to all users, not only to those on the Enterprise plan.

## Live streaming and remote control

Remote debugging of job executions is now a friendlier affair with the help of our new one-stop-shop solution: live streaming and remote control. This allows you to watch an unattended execution while it is happening, and, if problems arise and debug is needed, to take remote control of the execution and try to fix it.

This new feature helps save time when identifying and resolving issues, and it reduces the number of manual interventions needed for debugging and unblocking unattended automation processes.

## Restricting classic folders

In October 2021, we announced the deprecation of classic folders.

In April 2022, we announced their removal.

In October 2022, we launched a wizard which assists in the migration of classic folder objects to modern folders, while keeping the existing structures and hierarchies.

We are now continuing this process by disabling executions in classic folders, along with a few other changes. It is hence more important than ever that you migrate your classic folders to modern folders, so as to ensure uninterrupted service.

## Resource Catalog Script changes

The mandatory `-orchestratorUrl` parameter has been added to the `MigrateTo-ResourceCatalog.ps1` script.<br>
Additionally, the `MigrateTo-ResourceCatalog.ps1` script must now be run when upgrading Orchestrator and Resource Catalog Service.
