Release date: August 10, 2023

## Packages with sources in the package explorer

Studio packages that are uploaded along with all their .xaml sources (i.e. the Include Sources option selected in the Publish options > Compilation settings section) can now be viewed in their entirety in the package explorer. This applies to Windows and cross-platform projects.

## Bug fixes

When you deleted a user from the host tenant, then created another user with the same username and email address as the one that you had deleted, you could no longer log in to the any non-host tenant. This occurred due to a missing rule around provisioning a new user once another user with the same information was deleted. This issue is now fixed.

An intermittent issue was affecting robots. During these faults, an "Invalid request!" error message would appear, and various assets were failing.

This release brings security updates and patches to address Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

## Automation Suite Robots

This release brings security updates and patches to address Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

## Deprecation timeline

We recommend that you regularly check the [deprecation timeline](attach URL here) for any updates regarding features that will be deprecated and removed.

## Download location

Check out these pages for Automation Suite download links:

- [Installation packages for Automation Suite on Linux](URL)
- [Installation packages for Automation Suite on EKS/AKS](URL)

## Known issues

### Identity known issue

Added on 6 November 2023

In versions 2023.4.0 through 2023.4.2, if you have an Active Directory (AD) integrated environment, you will see sporadic failures from the product leading to the IIS application pool restarting. This issue has been fixed in version 2023.4.3, but it still affects the aforementioned versions. As such, if you use AD, we highly recommend that you directly install or upgrade to 2023.4.3. Otherwise, you will encounter functionality issues.
