Release date: June 27, 2023

## SQL Server 2022

Orchestrator now supports Windows SQL Server 2022.

## Bug fixes

### Security vulnerability fixes

Due to a lack of synchronization, changes made to robot accounts and external applications at the organization level were not reflected in Orchestrator. Now, when you delete or rename an external application or when you delete a robot account at the organization level, the same thing happens to these entities in the Orchestrator folders where they were added.

Using the Upload JSON and override option at the transaction level, in the Edit queue item window, allowed you to bypass important validations related to unsupported characters. This would lead to errors when trying to use that particular queue. The issue no longer occurs.

### Swagger UI

We have fixed an issue that affected Swagger UI versions 3.14.1 to 3.37.2, allowing their libraries to fetch potentially malicious specification files linked through Swagger UI. Note that the issue is not directly exploitable, and it requires an authenticated user to actually open the malicious link.

To overcome this, we strongly advise you to update to the latest possible version (major or cumulative update).

Please see the [security advisory](Attach the URL here) for details.

### Miscellaneous fixes

- Retrieving queue item events and comments returned a list from all the folders in the tenant. Now, you get the list of queue item events and comments only for the folders that you have access to.

- Filtering the Monitoring > Robots page by Environment within a classic folder did not work as expected.

- This version includes various accessibility fixes.

- The runtime used by a robot to run an automation was not released once the robot service stopped. This was caused by an inaccuracy in the succession of activities, which has been fixed. Now, when the robot is disconnected, its runtime is released into the tenant pool.

## Deprecation timeline

We recommend that you regularly check the [deprecation timeline](Attach the URL here) for any updates regarding features that will be deprecated and removed.

## Download location

Check out these pages for Automation Suite download links:

- [Installation packages for Automation Suite on Linux](URL)

- [Installation packages for Automation Suite on EKS/AKS](URL)

## Known issues

### Identity known issue

Added on 6 November 2023

In versions 2023.4.0 through 2023.4.2, if you have an Active Directory (AD) integrated environment, you will see sporadic failures from the product leading to the IIS application pool restarting. This issue has been fixed in version 2023.4.3, but it still affects the aforementioned versions. As such, if you use AD, we highly recommend that you directly install or upgrade to 2023.4.3. Otherwise, you will encounter functionality issues.
