# May 21, 2025

## Updates to outbound IP addresses
We are expanding our lists of outbound IP addresses, with the new values coming into effect from June 23, 2025 onwards. To avoid disruptions, make sure you update your firewall configuration with the newly added values before the specified date.

For the updated lists of outbound IP addresses, refer to [Orchestrator outbound IP addresses](URL).

## Testing module deactivation for new tenants
Starting with this update, the majority of the Testing module in Orchestrator is deactivated for any newly created tenant. This change involves certain limitations on the Testing tab in Orchestrator, as follows:
- The Test Schedules and Test Data Queues tabs are not available anymore. However, you can still create test schedules in Test Manager, and existing test data queues on existing tenants continue to work. For more information, visit [Scheduling executions in Test Manger](URL).
- The Test Executions tab now displays the Status column, instead of the Result column. The Status column indicates the current status of the Orchestrator test execution, such as: Pending, Running, Cancelled, and Finished. Test results are visible only in Test Manager.
- You cannot execute individual test cases anymore. However, you can still execute Orchestrator test sets but only using APIs (including CI/CD integrations). For all your test data management efforts, use Test Manager.

# May 19, 2025

## Unified Pricing licensing model
Unified Pricing is here! Our enhanced licensing model for Orchestrator offers new plans and a flexible credit system using Platform Units. Enjoy easier tracking and reallocation of resources for Orchestrator.

### Key benefits
Unified Pricing introduces the following new features:
- Credit-based approach: Under Unified Pricing, all licensing consumption units - such as AI Units, App Units, Robot Units, API Calls, and Agent Units - are consolidated into a single unit, the Platform Unit. This simplification allows for easier understanding and tracking.
- Enhanced flexibility: With Unified Pricing, you can easily reallocate Platform Units based on your changing project needs. Now that multiple UiPath services consume Platform Units, you are no longer constrained to pre-defined uses for the acquired units. This allows you to shift your focus and resources where your projects need them the most, whenever you require.

### Who can benefit
Currently, you can acquire Unified Pricing licensing plans for Orchestrator Automation Cloud and desktop. This new licensing model caters to the needs of both existing and new customers.

If you want to continue with your existing Flex licensing model, you are free to make that choice. However, if you are currently operating under the Flex model and wish to switch to Unified Pricing, remember that this transition will require that you ensure user license management is enabled and you re-assign licenses. For more guidance, reach out to your Sales representative.

### Additional resources
For comprehensive information on the user SKUs available in Unified pricing, refer to [UiPath Licensing](URL).

For guidance on how to select the optimal licensing model tailored to your needs, refer to the [Overview guide](URL).

For specifics related to the newly introduced Unified Pricing plans, user licenses, and Platform Units on the platform-level, refer to the [Automation Cloud admin guide](URL).

For licensing plans, user licenses, and their expected behavior in Orchestrator, refer to [Unified Pricing licensing and Platform Units](URL).


## Time filter improvements
Note: Erratum - added May 20, 2025: Due to an oversight on our part, we originally announced this improvement on May 16, 2025. However, we enabled the improvement on May 19, 2025.

We have improved our time filters with a wider selection or predefined intervals and the addition of custom intervals.

You can now select from the following predefined intervals:
- All
- Last hour
- Today
- Last 24 hours
- Last 7 days
- Last 2 weeks
- Last 30 days
- Last 6 months

Additionally, you can select the Custom option and set the exact date and time for both the start and the end of your interval.

The improvements apply to the time filters in the following grids:

- In the tenant context, under Monitoring: the Unattended Automations grid.
- In the tenant context, under Audit: the Audit and Test Automation Audit grids.
- In the tenant context, under Machines: the Machine Event Logs grid for a cloud robot VM pool.
- In the folder context, under Automations: the Jobs and Logs grids.

Note: The improvements do not apply to the real-time monitoring pages under Monitoring.
